hi everybody now we are going to see how
to make soft chapati the Indians are
made for two cups salt 1 pinch oil 1
tablespoon and some hot water transfer
we float a big Basin now add salt and
oil
and hot water little by little to make
it a soft dough knead the dough will to
make it very soft then only we can make
soft which are patties the dough is
ready now cover it with a wet towel and
keep it aside for 10 minutes 10 minutes
over now take small balls of this and
roll it
dusted with the week floor and row
written round-trip make it very thin and
use very little floor for dusting the
dope
heat a pan put their old outdoor on edge
wait for the small air bubbles
now you can see the earth buckles here
turn it over cook the other side for a
longer time because we are going to keep
the first side on the violet
take it out put it on the wire next and
keep on high flame it's ready now
apply some ghee for it it's ready now do
the same process for the remaining dough
soft chapatis are ready to serve try
this and give us a feedback